I got my first 10,000 LinkedIn followers
back in 2022. Today I have over 157,000s
and more than 50 million impressions.
But if I had to start from scratch
again, here is exactly how I would go
from zero to 10,000 followers step by
steps. For this, we'll go through three
clear phases. Phase number one, from 0
to 2,000 followers. Phase number two,
from 2,000 to 5,000 followers. And phase
number three, from 5,000 to 10,000
followers. And each phase will have its
specific goal. Let's start with the
first phase. Phase number one, from zero
to 2,000 followers. Here, you need to
build the foundations of your LinkedIn
content. When you start from zero, your
goal is not to go viral. Your goal is to
build clarity, consistency, and
credibility. So the step one is to
choose your focus. You need to choose
one focus. Simple rule. Pick one
audience, one problem, and one offer.
That's the secret, not so secret to
clarity on LinkedIn. Because if you talk
to everyone, you will talk to no one.
Example, I help B2B founders generate
inbound leads through content. You can
even be more specific, but it needs to
be clear, simple, and focused. Step
number two, you need to turn your
profile into a landing page. You need to
make people want to click on follow when
they visit your page. Because if you
generate a lot of traffic thanks to your
content, but people don't subscribe, you
will not get more followers. So, you
need to add a clear banner that shows
your value proposition. Write a headline
that says what you do, who you help, and
the results you got. You can use the
feature section to promote a guide or
proof of work. Do it for free at the
beginning and add a simple CTA like
follow me for daily marketing insights.
Every profile visits should make people
instantly understand who you are and why
they should follow you. The goal is to
have a connection between your content
and your profile. So they get interested
and curious from your content and they
hit follow because they feel thanks to
your profile that you will help them on
one specific topic. Step number three,
create 30 days of authority content.
What you will do is quite simple. Choose
three main topics that are linked to
your expertise and share short useful
insights every day. You can use the
framework problem agitate solution to
make your content clear and valuable.
Maybe engagement will be low at first,
but that's fine. It's the beginning. The
goal is to learn and stay consistent and
have a strong link with step number
four. So, step number four is to engage
10 times more than you post at the
beginning. When you have a small
audience, let's say 200 connections, you
need to engage with other accounts with
comments and likes, you need to leave
smart comments, not generic comments.
And what will happen is that you will
show your expertise. You will get
impressions more than on your own
content. You can even get comments that
get 5,000, 10,000 impressions. And
people will see in the comments your
headline. And if they're interested
about your headline and if it's linked
to the comments, they will click on your
name and as I explained, if they like
your profile, they will hit follow. This
is how people start noticing you. To be
honest, it's faster than posting in
silence. And by the time you reach 2,000
followers, you will have built a small
network of people you engage with. So,
if you follow those four steps, you will
have a clear positioning, a LinkedIn
profile that makes people click on
follow, 30 days of authority content,
and a small network and the habit to
comment on other people posts. You need
to do this until you reach 2,000
followers. And by the time you reach
2,000 followers, you will have built
your positioning, improve your content,
and start being recognized in your
niche. Time to go into phase two. from
2,000 to 5,000 followers. It's not the
foundation anymore. It's building your
authority. At this stage, people start
to identify you within a small network.
Now, your mission is to become known for
something specific in a wider network.
So, step number one, you need to double
down on what works best. Look at your
past 30, 60 posts and ask yourself this
simple question. What topic or hook got
traction? That's the key signal you need
to look for. You need to create new
versions of those ideas. Maybe it's on
the topic or reuse the same hook. You
need to build a small content series. So
that's the best thing to do when you
want to reach 5,000 followers. Study
your best performing posts and reuse the
same concepts, ideas, hooks, formats,
etc. That's simple, but it works. Step
number two, you need to start creating
viral infographics. Now, it's time to
kind of level up your content game. You
need to start turning your ideas into
infographics. So, it's simple visual
summaries like this one that make people
stop scrolling and that convey more
information than a text [music] post.
Infographics help your audience see your
ideas instead of just reading them. They
perform really well because people spend
time on it. So it's good for the 12
time. People also save them, share them
like on the repost or by sending them to
their friends indirect messages. So here
is how to make them work. You need to
focus on one idea infographic. Use clean
visual and short sentences. Now, if you
want more details on how to create those
visuals, you should look at these free
guides that I've created where I explain
my five best formats. And inside, I
explain the best infographics formats
you can use in order to generate
impressions with your LinkedIn content.
Step number three, you need to start
sharing unique insights. When you are
above 2,000 followers, if you want to go
to 5,000, 10,000 followers, you need to
stop repeating what [music] everyone
else is saying. You need to share
lessons from your work, your clients,
and your results. So basically, you need
to create [music] content from lived
experience, not from theory. You can
talk about your process, your
frameworks, and your beliefs as well or
your opinions. This is how you stand out
because people don't want to read
another GPT post or another article.
They want to know what you did, the way
you've done it, and the result you got.
For example, if you are a cold email
specialist and you've done an experiment
of 10 weeks, just explain what you've
done, the result you got, and the
problems. As simple as that. And as I
explained just before, the best will be
to turn this into an infographic. Step
number four, to reach 5,000 followers,
you need to build your tribe. You need
to treat LinkedIn like a big networking
event. And each comment is a potential
follower, client or or partner. You
should start commenting more and sending
more DMs, but to the right people. So do
a map of who is important in your
industry, influencers, thought leaders,
CEOs, journalists maybe, etc., and
outreach to them and connect with them
and help them if you can. So during this
phase, you will need to be very active
in the DMs and in the comments as well
as in phase number one. So once you hit
5,000 followers, your audience knows
you. They already kind of trust you
thanks to what you've published and they
see you as an authority in your
expertise or in your industry. Phase
number three, 5,000 to 10,000 followers.
This is where most people fail because
it's very long and most of the time they
stop too early or maybe they got enough
leads from their 5,000 followers so they
feel like I want to stop now. That's
enough for me. So the goal now is to
build systems that make your content
compound. So you don't spend your entire
days creating content. So step number
one, you need to create a content
system. You need to stop thinking post
by post on a day-to-day basis. You need
to start thinking in processes. You take
one strong insight and repurpose it into
10 15 formats. A text post, a carousel,
an infographic, a short video. That's
the one equals 15 rules. There is also
another important rule in repurposing is
the 3070 rules. So spend 30% of your
time creating new ideas and 70% of your
time repurposing proven ones. So ideas
that performed well in the past. So
that's how you stay consistent with your
content creation with your repurposing
system. Step number two, you need to
multiply the types and number of formats
you are using. Add visual content,
infographics, carousel, short videos.
Create diversity in your content at the
format level, but keep the same
messaging and the same tone and the same
narrative across all the pieces of
content. People need to recognize your
voice the moment they see your posts and
they need to recognize as well your
message. Step number three, you need to
start collaborating with other creator.
At this level, collaboration is a growth
accelerator. Because when you have 500
followers, you cannot contact someone
with 5,000 or 10,000 followers and ask
them to do a collab bust because when
you do something like this, they need to
receive something in exchange. But here
it starts to be interesting because you
can do a post on their profile, but you
can also do a post on your profile. So
you will send them your followers. So
this collab is a win-win situation, a
win-win partnership. And that's why I
put it in the phase three, not in the
phase two or phase one. So basically,
the way to do it is very simple. You
need to engage with other creators in
your niche through comments. Then when
you identify five creators you really
like because you have a shared interest
or a common topic, contact them by DM
and propose them simply to create a
collaborative post. It can be an
infographic, a carousel or a text post.
My preference will be to go for a
carousel because it's easier to share
each other opinion on the topic inside
the carousel. So as I said you can share
opinions on the same topic, react to
each other post or build a minieries
together. So it helps you reach new
audiences, their followers and the same
for them. It will also add fresh
perspectives to your content. So your
collabs will boost your credibility and
it will help you to partner with other
respected voice in your industry. All
right, I kept the best advice for the
step four of phase three. You need to
develop a signature format. every top
creators as a format people instantly
associate with them. For example, this
is Jake W. He created this kind of
carousel when he was growing his
followers around 1 and a half year ago.
My tip is when you are analyzing the
signature format of a big creator, look
at the time when they were growing, not
where they are right now, but what
happened when they were growing. So your
signature format could be a cow design,
an infographic style or a specific
storytelling rhythm. You need to find
yours. It could also be some rules that
you like to share, your breakdowns, your
experiments, your lessons. Maybe it can
also be a visual identity that only you
is using. So you need to make your
content instantly recognizable with this
signature content. And at the end, your
signature format becomes your content
brand. And then at the end your profile
picture becomes the hook. So the last
part of the phase three is to keep doing
it every day because once you have a
clear system, strong collaborations and
a recognizable signature format, you
start getting followers. Your brand
grows itself because people remember you
and start following you. All right, so
let's recap how I would go again from 0
to 10,000 followers on LinkedIn. First,
from 0 to 2,000 followers, I would build
the foundation of my LinkedIn profile
with my positioning, my LinkedIn profile
design. Then I would do 30 days of
authority content and I would engage 10
time more than I post. Phase two, I
would double down on the posts that
perform best. I would create viral
infographics. I would find and share
unique insights, and I would build my
tribe of other creators. And for phase
three, from 5,000 to 10,000 followers,
first I would create a strong content
creation system. Second, I would use
multiple formats. Third, I will do
collabs with other creators in my niche.
And fourth, I would develop a signature
format to be instantly recognizable in
the feed. So that's exactly how I would
go from zero to 10,000 followers on
LinkedIn. again. And if you want to go
deeper, I teach all of this step by step
inside my course, the content first
ecosystem. You can find the link in the
description. I will help you with your
LinkedIn growth and also on other
platforms. All right, if you like this
video, make sure to subscribe to the
channel to get the next one about
LinkedIn content and B2B marketing. I
will see you in the next